sounds like yeah and then i mislike
other 10 goes off that I love fuck
yellow golite played on something record
I was one hour ago no get away yeah
morning bugling a bed ha no one only
satisfying things about it when you're
sunburned starts to go you've got tale
of big patches of skin and horrible I
had that other Florida it's just like
big kilos of skin coming is this to get
help me I for my favor can you have a
fear of cameras you know fear ephemeral
so let's look bud ah ok its fiery ball
today surprise thank you a few are used
to move aside yes oh it's like a rainy
wait I'm toasted risotto would just a
film stuff yeah you know that's really
like there isn't a light turns on you
plus this stuff the only thing yeah cuz
you just gold and you did forward it's
like when men how about 21 to 25 so I'm
going to get into power tools and stuff
look bigger nothing look feel cookies
you
oh really we try to shove in a cover
well I think Steve interest we should
treasure from different players okay bye
ha i was born are given in the Hat Oh a
little apple what probably a cricket is
it secret is it too I'm gonna take the
camera you know since what is taking
account of options oh yes i'm going to
show you my fucking things you think
yeah okay rush it's me this is not the
bit when they see like the manatee sign
that they headed towards it and go fuck
there's a big manatee sign we're gonna
die melodies oh yeah sounds like they're
fighting say that anyway sure you don't
the only good French life yes what else
you think this is a weapon the
supermarket peanuts chili go penis today
cameras come here once us talking about
the page Gotham camera fuckin
you're gonna be filmed with you look
you're not why don't you like being
filmed before you got your own filming I
can see you are home but it's a zoom
cool oh come this have zoomed on earth